And like we had a lot of admin policy at wealth policy, admin systems closer to like A8 wealth policy, admin systems and three of them were like annuities or something like that.
So in the process of consolidation into a single policy admin system, right, they chose unit tracks as a platform in which all this policies are admin systems which were built over a long period of time right from 60s to like probably 90s.
They wanted to decommission those systems and move to single platform.

Nkutu, Faisal   5:28
Wait.

Balaram, Vinod   5:31
So for a lot of various business benefits, right, I'm not really getting it like ease of doing business and operations and other things and all.
So once they did this so previously this different admin systems used to get integrated with a case and used to exchange the data.

Nkutu, Faisal   5:40
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   5:49
So they were the upstream partners.
So whenever the policy gets set in the system right, they would kind of a feed it into the case.
Telling here is the client information you got to hold it and here is this policy details associated with that and kiss was using this information in order to show a single view of a customers or a consolidated view in a different way, right?

Nkutu, Faisal   6:03
Yes.

Balaram, Vinod   6:10
Like some, it was really not exactly a single view we have over here.
It is more like a consolidated view.
If you go for copilot, or if you go for advisor Workspace, or if you go for my client side right, they were using all this information.
So as a part of this process, what we did is we had five phases of migration.

Nkutu, Faisal   6:24
And this.

Balaram, Vinod   6:30
So eaten each way will be migrated one or two admin systems into the unit tracks platform and then kind of uh, let the data flow into the kiss, the new data flow into the case.
OK, so this was the way approach.

Nkutu, Faisal   6:41
But.

Balaram, Vinod   6:45
I used it in order for migrating the policy admin systems.
For example, if you see over here, right, this is a process which has been established and which can be reused for other migrations.
But we are done with the migrating of all the policies.

Nkutu, Faisal   6:59
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   7:00
So GIS cap and Provantage where the old admin systems we took the data from that one and put the migrated data and then moved it into the unit tracks platform and the unit tracks once it was moved and set in the unit tracks right the migration has been completed.
We took that extracts.
These are delta extracts and das extracts and then we use this one in order to migrate it into the case.
So we did this for the first one time migration as we migrated on the weekend from this admin systems to the unit tracks, we took the data from the unit tracks and migrated A1 time migrated into the case to create a new contracts for the unit tracks policies.

Nkutu, Faisal   7:28
Right.
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   7:41
OK.
And we did reconciliation and all those things, which is regularly we do it in the migration thing, right.
We finish doing that one as a second step for the ongoing integration, right?

Nkutu, Faisal   7:49
But.

Balaram, Vinod   7:54
This is what our current state is, which we are interested in like.
Let's assume the Unitrax business is up and running and everything is going smooth from past six months.

Nkutu, Faisal   7:58
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   8:04
So what happens is if as a new contracts and new businesses come into our play right, what we do is we run different extracts, right.
And we take that extracts the way the unit tracks works is, uh, it has been designed.
Uh, in a way, as a published subscribe model.
So we have a events, we create an events and we publish it and based on the events interested events are picked up for the kiss and then it is consumed.
So to give a high level picture, what are the business processes, events we are interested in the cases party maintain, party address change?

Nkutu, Faisal   8:33
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   8:43
I'm just moving my mouse over there.
Party add client contract, party change, contract relationship, contract change, servicing relationship, contract change, BASIC.
So basically when we say party maintain what it does is nothing but updating of a particular clients information.

Nkutu, Faisal   8:54
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   9:01
For example, if it comes back and change, update my profile information right?
Like for example my SIM got changed or my date of birth is changed or my address.
I'm not not addressed.
My gender got changed or my last name got changed or something, right?
So this is the event which we are interested in and the next one is the address change which is very straightforward.

Nkutu, Faisal   9:16
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   9:23
Third, third one is a party add client contract, so this is nothing but adding a new contract.
It's like a brand new business.
We got it.
We are creating a brand new profile for that guy in the case, or maybe it's already existing customer he bought an or another new policy.
So we'll go and attach it to the existing profile, OK.

Nkutu, Faisal   9:40
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   9:42
And last one is a party change.
I mean, uh, next one is a party change contract relationship.
What it does is, for example, in your policy you come back later and change.
I want to change my beneficiary or I want to change my annual tenants and different kind of relationships you hold in that thing right?
Or I want to change the player who's paying on the policy or something like that.

Nkutu, Faisal   9:58
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   10:02
Or I want to change the owner of the policy so whenever we do that kind of a change we send an event called as a party change contract relationship.
Basically, a relationships in the contract are getting changed.

Nkutu, Faisal   10:14
Good.

Balaram, Vinod   10:14
And next one is change of servicing relationship.
Basically, it's nothing, but if an advisor gets changed because he's retiring or he's like, sold his book of business to somebody else or like the customer is interested to move to a different advisor, right?
So then that's when the contract change servicing relationship happens and the next is contract change basics, which is nothing but changing the contract of the policies, maybe it goes to inactive states or it goes to a terminated states or it's like a different state, right, those kind of an events are sent.

Nkutu, Faisal   10:33
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   10:47
So these are the business processes we are interested in getting into the kiss.

Nkutu, Faisal   10:50
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   10:52
OK.
And now what events which we are interested out of case right whenever case kind of a publishes some event we are interested in one is the party replicate and Adeline is the party replicate contract address party replicate is nothing but changing of any person information, profile information and other one is party replicate contract address is nothing but the contract change so we so these are the only things because the rest of the things if you see on that other things and all right like party add client contract or relationship or changing advisors or changing the status that has to flow from the admin system this cannot July literally change the status or relationships in their system.

Nkutu, Faisal   11:15
Right.
OK, no.

Balaram, Vinod   11:36
OK, O in this picture as I said, like the first step, what happens is we have a every two hours delta that comes in.
It's a near real time.
It's not a real time process which we have right now and some of the processors in the batch, which happens in the everyday night.

Nkutu, Faisal   11:51
Right.
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   11:55
OK, so you need tracks.
Creates the DAS files.
Das files are nothing but some extract files.
You need tracks.
Creates it right, which we are interested in.
So unitrax I have designed unit tracks in the pub sub model.
So basically, whenever some feel changes on which any of these services are dependent on right, they kind of a fire an event.
For example, if somebody went and changed last name, right?
I know I'm interested in somebody changing that field, right?
So there is an event which gets fired for us telling where hey somebody made a change on owners last name, right?
And I take every two hours consolidated delta and kind of a process that one this goes into our ETL layer and our ETL layer processes that one and says Ohh here is a party main event.

Nkutu, Faisal   12:30
New line.

Balaram, Vinod   12:42
So let's call the party maintain service, OK?
And if there is a change of address, let's say it says like, OK, we got 10 address changes in the last two hours.

Nkutu, Faisal   12:45
E OK.

Balaram, Vinod   12:51
Let's call address change services and get this updated into the guest.
Likewise, OK.

Nkutu, Faisal   12:56
Right, yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   12:57
But the last two last two services you can see over there, it is written as a night batch, right?

Nkutu, Faisal   13:04
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   13:04
So this this really need not be a real time because whenever the check status gets changed or anything like that right.
Ideally, yes, we prefer it to be reflected in all the systems in the real time, but it is OK from the business point if it gets updated every day night.
OK.

Nkutu, Faisal   13:20
Like yes.

Balaram, Vinod   13:21
But in the future state, we would want it to make it real time because we don't know who's going to be the consumers in the next stages of this life cycle.
Right.

Nkutu, Faisal   13:30
Yes.

Balaram, Vinod   13:32
OK, so this is what so if you see the top 41234 happens every two hours and last two happens in the nightly.

Nkutu, Faisal   13:42
Right, yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   13:42
OK.
And Kiss gets updated once the kiss gets updated, right?
Kiss.
Kind of a replicates it to the MDM and other downstream partners who over they're interested in, so that is what the earlier picture which you had shown the integration right in the hub and spoke model that picture comes over there.

Nkutu, Faisal   13:58
Yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   14:01
So once I feed it into the kiss I had told like, which are all the systems is consuming from the kiss.

Nkutu, Faisal   14:08
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   14:09
OK, so so here it could be a scenario.

Nkutu, Faisal   14:10
Yep.

Balaram, Vinod   14:14
You have an ingenium policy and an IB 15 policy and a kiss policy, right?
So let's assume if somebody comes in and says, hey, your last name changed, right?
And we'll change your last name.
The same last name as to be replicated to the IB 15 and as well as engineer also because they will not really go and make change in all the admin systems.
Maybe either they'll make a change in the copilot, or they make in any one of the admin systems it has to get replicated to all the admin systems.

Nkutu, Faisal   14:43
Right.
Yes, that's true.

Balaram, Vinod   14:44
OK, so once we are done with this one, so let's assume somebody makes a change in the copilot or IB 15 or engineer.
How does the unit tracks know right?
That is what we called as an outbound service from the Kiss Citizen outbound call to the unit tracks and we are interested only whenever somebody changes the profile information or changes then address.
So the challenge we had in this one is party profile information can get real time updated.
So there's no problem the first service.
If somebody makes a change in the copilot and a kiss will send trigger immediately and within another two or three minutes, it'll get replicated to unit tracks.
But what happened with the contract address is they want the address to be normalized.
When I say normalized, they want it to be broken down the address into components like Canada Post has a standard in which we break the address.

Nkutu, Faisal   15:34
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   15:38
For example, Street Street name, street number, St Direction like this.
You need to break it down into different components.
Guess what it does is it runs that scrubbing process address scrubbing process every day night.

Nkutu, Faisal   15:47
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   15:53
So you wonder, somebody updates the address in the real time.
I cannot consume from the unitrax point of view because the address is yet to be scrubbed.

Nkutu, Faisal   16:03
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   16:04
So if it is a denormalized address, I could get it immediately, but I can't consume denormalized address.
I want a normalized address.

Nkutu, Faisal   16:13
It's.

Balaram, Vinod   16:14
So I have to wait for the everyday night batch to happen and once the the address scrubbing happens, they use the software called as Pitney Bose to break this address into different components and once they have it the whole nights batch gets replicated to us like a whole days worth of address changes right from the case gets replicated back to us.
So that's where it hits the unit tracks API and gets consumes it.

Nkutu, Faisal   16:39
That's good.
Thank you.

Balaram, Vinod   16:42
So.
So what are our process does is?
So I the way I've created this it's a very flexible so that it's an event based.
There is something happened in the unit tracks side for unit tracks really don't have to carry, it just publishes telling.
Hey, somebody changed on the last name.
Somebody made a change on the date of birth.
These are the fields you said you were interested in.
Here is an event for you, right?
And I take that and based on what event it has come, I built the payload for that particular event.

Nkutu, Faisal   17:05
Blood.

Balaram, Vinod   17:12
I think that is where you are talking about the data mapping right?
Or data data fields which are interested in correct that correct so that is where we are because the way the the services are built are like these are probably built like old in as O model service oriented architecture model.

Nkutu, Faisal   17:17
Yes.
Yeah, I'm interested in that, yes.

Balaram, Vinod   17:31
Just because if an address or a date of birth gets changed right, I cannot just go and update kiss with the date of birth.
So they need an entire profile information to be updated.
So I need to give additional information also, for example their name, their last name, their gender, their sin, everything.
In order to just update the address, I cannot say hey, here is a a client ID which I have and address date of birth change just updated no they will say I will not accept it.

Nkutu, Faisal   17:49
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   17:57
You give me the client ID, you give me the first name, last name, date of birth, gender.
All the details of that guy right then I will take it and do update.

Nkutu, Faisal   18:07
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   18:07
So that is where the ETL comes into play off.
Building that payload which they are interested in, kisses, kisses, interested and then gives it.
So basically, kiss does not consume directly, it goes to the mesh layer, meshes the service service layer for us, right?
So from there it gets calls the kiss.

Nkutu, Faisal   18:26
Uh, so after this yellow yellow box before kiss, there's a there's a mesh layer.

Balaram, Vinod   18:29
Yeah.
Mesh layer?
Yes, there's a mesh layer, yeah.

Nkutu, Faisal   18:34
Good.
Thank you for letting me know.

Balaram, Vinod   18:38
And I did not put that mesh layer in my picture.
The reason is that was a very old thing which I had consumed it.
It's a earlier services, right?
Nothing got changed from from this program point of review.
After this yellow box, there's nothing changed for us.
We are calling all the existing processes.

Nkutu, Faisal   18:56
Right.
So the mesh layer is all for the periodic bike service as well as the nightly batch services locally.

Balaram, Vinod   19:03
Correct.
Correct.
That's right.
They were all like probably built in a 2000 those services we just used it.

Nkutu, Faisal   19:12
OK.
Good.
Thank you.
And unitrax.
So what technology did you use?
Do you use visual basic?
Did you use?

Balaram, Vinod   19:23
No, you need trucks.
Is a vendor vendor platform.
They run on ES-44 hundred.

Nkutu, Faisal   19:27
OK.

Balaram, Vinod   19:28
They have like a GUI which they've built it on top of that one.
So we don't own the unit tracks, it's actually a vendor application.

Nkutu, Faisal   19:35
OK.
Thank you for letting me know.
OK.
Yeah.
So at one point, I'd like to so if you could give me a link to the to the contracts in each of these the the the service, uh this the payloads, yes, on.

Balaram, Vinod   19:51
Hey notes.
Yep, sure.
I I can send after the call, I will just send you the links to that one.

Nkutu, Faisal   19:58
Welcome.
Yeah, that will be helpful.
Yeah.
So is this it or is there more?

Balaram, Vinod   20:05
Uh, no, this this is what at a very high level, I gave an overview.
Now you can ask a question like what is more details you wanted or is is there anything else.

Nkutu, Faisal   20:16
Thus it you've covered it here as long as you you give me those payload.

Balaram, Vinod   20:18
OK.

Nkutu, Faisal   20:21
And what you've given me, I think that's sufficient, yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   20:24
OK.
Yeah.
So only a couple of challenges I wanted to just make sure like you have taken our concerns into this, this address replication, right?

Nkutu, Faisal   20:34
Yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   20:35
When it is happening right now, our problem is it's not real time, right?
Because we have to wait for the kiss scrubbing process to complete.
And then only we can consume it, right? So.

Nkutu, Faisal   20:47
Yeah, that that one is being we're working out for coming up with a solution that is going to be real time.

Balaram, Vinod   20:52
OK.
Yeah.

Nkutu, Faisal   20:53
Yeah, it's is it.

Balaram, Vinod   20:54
And we also make we have to make sure because once I post that address right, you need tracks runs its own scrubbing process to validate if the what the address you have broken down is acceptable or not.
So they use Canada Post.
We use Pitney bows and I heard like Advisor Workspace is probably going to use Google and MDM is using Avi so everybody's using different kind of a scrubbing routine.
So what happens?
The challenge with this one is 80% of the times it's acceptable, right?
Because if it is a straightforward city based address, everything can be broken down.

Nkutu, Faisal   21:28
You know.

Balaram, Vinod   21:32
But when she challenge, it comes is whenever we go into the ruler addresses and probably into like military addresses or something like remote address or a general address, right.
Postbox then it's where, when news.

Nkutu, Faisal   21:43
Umm.

Balaram, Vinod   21:46
When when I say you were like basically kiss scrubs it and gives it also unitrax does not accept because their routine says ohh this is not acceptable acceptable way of breaking it down right so that is where.

Nkutu, Faisal   21:57
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   21:57
So what?
This leads the problem is it creates a backlog of failed transactions for are all patients teams to work on even though it is a very straightforward because different modules are not accepting the break and down it just keeps things piling up on them and this leads to a data synchronization issue.

Nkutu, Faisal   22:08
Right.

Balaram, Vinod   22:19
The unit tracks goes out of sync with case and case goes out of sync with unit tracks, and we have a lot of problems later.

Nkutu, Faisal   22:26
Right.
No, I think that's it's been a address that and architecture level to to resolve that is in the process and you know.

Balaram, Vinod   22:27
Because this.
OK, sure.
Yeah, this is because for us the problem gets piled up.
So usually when happens is when I have to send you the statements, right, quarterly statements.
That's where we kind of aligned.
Ohh, there are 200 addresses, right?
We got never.
Probably not 200.
There are like hundreds and thousands of addresses.
We are out of In Sync with kiss right.
Somebody updated kiss and we still have the old address.

Nkutu, Faisal   22:55
Right, yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   22:58
We are trying to send the statement to the old address and the client is telling I'm not receiving the statements.

Nkutu, Faisal   23:03
Yeah.
No, that's on the fully understood now they're gonna be slow.

Balaram, Vinod   23:06
Yeah.

Nkutu, Faisal   23:07
Yeah, as part of this process, I think it's going to be fixed well, is it possible to, sorry.

Balaram, Vinod   23:10
OK.
Yeah and.
Yeah.
And uh second.
Uh, step of thing is I have build a reconciliation style step where I go into the MDM also right?
We need to improvise on that reconciliation process.
So this is the happy part we spoke about, right?
Like we get a file in every two hours we take it and we kind of process it and update it.
But there could be some scenarios where like the transaction gets failed right, the event is not consumed by the kiss and the business comes back and find out you know what, I had to enter something else.
But I entered something else wrong.
So that's the reason.
It's not.
Basically, the relationship was not built rightly or something like that, right?
So we should be able to retrigger that event and I.

Nkutu, Faisal   23:59
Yeah, that's what we want to want is Kafka event streaming.
So it can have a retry mechanisms, yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   24:02
Umm.
OK.
Yeah.
So that that is one thing which if it's already been thought about, that is a good thing, because we need that as a part of a our needs because we have frequently seen that's happening like business comes back and says, hey, I want to retrigger the team and but unit tracks cannot retrigger because according to that there is no change that has happened.

Nkutu, Faisal   24:15
Yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   24:26
So we have to go into the back end somehow create a process through which that old files are retriggered for them.

Nkutu, Faisal   24:27
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that is going to be handled with the Kafka event streaming as part of the new architecture, yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   24:40
OK. OK.
Yeah.
Then I think we are good.
So I will send you out the documents.
So for the uh data payload and what else do you need?

Nkutu, Faisal   24:47
Thank you.
Send me this one as well, please.

Balaram, Vinod   24:55
OK.
Sure.
I will do that one. OK.

Nkutu, Faisal   24:57
Yeah.
Yeah.

Balaram, Vinod   24:58
Yeah.

Nkutu, Faisal   24:58
Thank you very much Vinod.

Balaram, Vinod   24:59
Thank you.

Nkutu, Faisal   24:59
This is beautiful.
Yeah, yeah. Bye.

Balaram, Vinod   25:01
Thank you very much.
Take care. Bye.

Nkutu, Faisal left the meeting

Nkutu, Faisal stopped transcript
